Hi guys, and welcome back.
In this video, we're going to be adding another menu,
just for a quick about page in our application.
Let's go down to the bottom of our file
and we're gonna add another menu as well as the file menu.
We're gonna do help menu and it's gonna be another tk.menu
inside of the menu bar.
And then, we will do menubar.add_cascade
and the menu is going to be the help menu
and the label is going to be help.
Then, down here, we will also add a command.
So the help_menu.add_command, the label will be about
and the command is show_about_info.
So, this is a new function we're gonna create just now.
Let's create it up here.
Show_about_info and it's just going to launch a message box.
So we will say showinfo.
The title is going to be about
and the message is going to be something like this.
All right, so just a simple message that can be shown there.
And we will use this to show you
how to define multiple menus.
You can see them up here, file and help.
And when you click on it, you get the about.
Notice that whenever you add a help menu in Mac,
you also get this search, this comes by default with MacOS
and allows you to do searches for other menu items
inside your application.
It can be pretty handy.
But, if you don't get that because you're not using Mac,
that's okay, don't worry about it.
This is how you can create multiple menus
in your application.
Just copy what we had already,
add a new one and it just appears there.
And also, how you can show an info box
with the messagebox.showinfo.
Thanks for joining me in this video,
I'll see you in the next one.